Added missing ci/cd jobs (#22)
SE-UUlm/snowballr: wiki/Contributing.md

### Service Overview

| Service        | Description                | Port                     |
|----------------|----------------------------|--------------------------|
| `frontend`     | Svelte-based GUI           | `8000`                   |
| `mock-backend` | Mock backend (for testing) | `8002`                   |
| `api-docs`     | Sabledocs for gRPC docs    | `8000` with path `/docs` |

### Routing

Caddy handles incoming HTTP(S) traffic and routes it based on the request path with the host
[snowballr.informatik.uni-ulm.de](https://snowballr.informatik.uni-ulm.de/).

- `/docs/*` → forwards to api-docs
- `/api/*` → forwards to mock-backend
- All other paths → served by the frontend service

## Versioning Guideline

For the versioning we follow [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).
When a new version should be published, document the changes in a changelog (following the guidelines of
[Common Changelog](https://common-changelog.org/)), tag the code in Git and a release will be automatically created and
published.

>**Note:** At the moment only the [API](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-api) is correctly versioned.

## Teamscale Integration

> We use [Teamscale](https://exia.informatik.uni-ulm.de/teamscale) for analyzing, monitoring and improving the quality of

Reviewer: I think:

```suggestion
We use [Teamscale](https://teamscale.com/) for analyzing, monitoring and improving the quality of
```

should be sufficient.
